OKTA-405245 moving Social Idp settings content (#2254)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/configure-idp-in-okta/index.md

    <StackSelector snippet="afterappidpinokta" />

## Social Identity Provider settings

When you are setting up your social Identity Provider (IdP) in Okta, there are a number of settings that allow you to finely control the social sign-in behavior. While the provider-specific instructions show one possible configuration, this section explains each of these in more detail so that you can choose the right configuration for your use case.

### Authentication settings

**IdP Username:** The expression (written in the Okta Expression Language) that is used to convert an IdP attribute to the Application User's `username`. This IdP username is used for matching an Application User to an Okta User through the `oidc_idp` profile.

> You can enter an expression to reformat the value, if desired. For example, if the social username is `john.doe@mycompany.com`, you could specify the replacement of `mycompany` with `endpointA.mycompany` to make the transformed username `john.doe@endpointA.mycompany.com`. See [Okta Expression Language](/docs/reference/okta-expression-language/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enter an expression to reformat the value. For example, if the social username is `john.doe@mycompany.com`, you could specify the replacement of `mycompany` with `endpointA.mycompany` to make the transformed username `john.doe@endpointA.mycompany.com`. See [Okta Expression Language](/docs/reference/okta-expression-language/).
```

> **Match against &mdash;** The Okta user property against which the IdP username is compared to determine if an account link needs to be established. If an existing account link is found, no comparison is performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Match against &mdash;** The Okta user property that the IdP username is compared against in order to determine if an account link needs to be established. If an existing account link is found, no comparison is performed.
```
